Go back first, secretary.
Give it to the company as well.
All of this should be yours, but from today on
These things have nothing to do with you anymore.
By the way, how's the pocket watch?
Don't spoil it. There's Ninh Ninh's picture in it.
And there.
It's okay.
Your image as a child is really the same as it is now.
Fortunately, they didn't realize it this year.
As a child you grow up many signs.
Why is this grown?
Oh.
It's okay to be biased.
He's also a good kid.
Well, don't be self-deprecating, haha.
When people grow up
Has it really changed as much as it did as a child?
Hey, before the engagement.
You two moved in together.
Cultivating emotions
Okay, grandmother, don't worry.
In a while, I'll have people take off their sun trousers.
Then I'll go first.
Let's go together.